Who is the world-weary minister?
The richest man in the morning
The kind that makes it to Forbes
He and I are not in the same circle at all
Whether it is the three-view background or the social circle level
It's not the same world.
How can such a relationship last long?
I still have this self-knowledge
actually
Not necessarily.
Actually, don't feel inferior
How many misanthropes are there in this world?
Lots of ordinary people like us
I believe that as long as we work hard
You must be able to live a good life
There will be no sadness.
Fortunately, we are company
Mr. Yan, you have watched the issue 28 times in one morning
Have you never been so torn about the cooperation of hundreds of millions?
Can it be the same?
This is about a future I can't pay off
If you want me to say, you should have told the lady earlier
The longer it drags on, the harder it is to end
But he said that yesterday.
If I tell him
What if he doesn't get a divorce?
This is the long-winded strap
Who asked you to dress up like that to go on a blind date?
I came to you today to ask you to give me advice
I'm not here for you to talk to me
Okay.
I have an idea
What!
Since your wife will choose you as president
Why don't you give me the position of president?
You don't deserve a lady
Xiao Zhang, what's wrong with you recently?
See if you are not in the state recently.
Sister Nan Nan, I
If there is anything, just tell me.
This competition is also Linna's assessment of us.
If I were the last in the company
Will definitely be fired
But my mom is still in the ICU.
Requires a lot of money
I can't live without this job
How can you be the last one with such strength?
Besides
Isn't there Gu Qingqing at the bottom?
Gu Qingqing
Gu Qingqing's backstage is so hard
He will definitely be kept.
Then disqualify him
That won't threaten you